Radio times.
How old are you?
The radio manager looked down at me.
15, I said.
And you want a job in radio?
Shouldn't you be at school?
He asked.
How could I explain?
I have always loved the radio.
I still remember when I was four years old I sat close to the radio in the living room,
listening to my favourite programmes and to the voices of my favourite presenters.
It seemed that they were speaking not to lots of listeners, but to me in person.
At the age of nine I asked for part-time jobs in small radio stations.
As I grew older my interest in radio grew.
One day I learnt about internet radio.
Once a week I played my favourite music from my father's computer, talked about life
at school and hoped someone might be listening.
Soon my friends at school started to listen.
And then they wanted to help.
We prepared a programme once a week doing research on articles about music, sports news,
jokes and the weather report.
I did this by looking out of the window.
OK, come with me.
The manager said, I sat down in the studio.
He was in another room behind a glass wall.
OK, let's do a sound check.
Just tell me what you had for breakfast.
All radio presenters need to answer the same question before they begin work.
The purpose is to check the sound level.
I had eggs, fruit and some milk.
OK, that's great.
The man behind the glass said, this was how my first real job in radio began.